hello Ted you went his back and I want
to show you the second close and
villages okay toggle futures all right
no hold on a second how to show the
contestants good citizens of the 99 in
our beaches or more party songs and the
1990 VHS of winning a colorful day uh
let's set up work at my bunny sonic in
1995 by oh I need to turn out the by
office okay now let's get started all
right
Oh bunny sons class when your child
watches more Barney songs there's a lot
more to it than entertainment
there are many valuable educational
elements including cooperative effort
the importance of working and playing
together
cleaning up Barney demonstrates
responsible behavior by keeping his
closet clean music participation 23
songs give children the opportunity to
learn rhythm melody repetition and rhyme
while having fun education plus
entertainment that's Marty there's only
one place in the world where you can see
him every day of the year kids from all
over the planet come to Universal
Studios Florida to seen our favorite
dinosaur
I live in person everyday at Universal
Studios Florida and this year Universal
Studios Islands of Adventure our second
colossal theme park at Universal Studios
escape and don't be late because you've
never been to a school like fix but sure
is one with lots of blood and several
joint Barney and his friends for a day
of love laughter and learning in let's
play school his newest home video lesson
one alphabet fun 26 different letters to
number oh it's very important to wrap up
the recent school
then after a bee season one two trees
it's time for that's right because mommy
it's Ruby campaign without a trick
double up true story time top finger
pinky always cool when parties in school
come on and let's play scoops when you
walk around the block this way or you
might see look wherever you go so we're
now one thing's for sure
prunes ugly Jimmy's favorite part of the
neighborhood
get ready from lots of neighborhood
mother laughter hit on your home video
walk around the with party it's fun
at every turn quick Barney and his
friends who are all about eight-foot
eglish number it is your own special
part of the world from the flower cart
to the bakery friends are everywhere
Barney
have you finally tucked in to get your
hair cut so come along and join the fun
because the streets are filled with
music dancing and all your favorite
neighbors
it's one walk around the block you'll
never forget oh you kids a little
animation so don't miss water on the fly
with Barney now available on home video
from lyrick studios
it's a world of caring it's fun to be
with you and to learn world of sherry
stuff to share with you and a world of
fun with your favorite friend come along
with Barney on a journey you'll never
forget in our world we share his newest
home video where should we go now when
Stella the storyteller is a suitcase
behind
I wonder where so I think Barney and his
friends travel around the world finder
guess we'll just have to go to class and
along the way
in your neck good manners and sharing
are the same in any language maybe I
have potato biking chair okay from the
highest mountains in Canada to the
streets of Mexico and France the fun
never ends with Artie and his friends
well it sounds like you've had quite an
adventure routes you to a super deep
purple adventure journey as far as your
imagination will take you in one world
we share now available on home video
here it steals
whoa-ho there we already finished dealt
husband second I need okay now the
winning to pull close out the rush read
into 90 pitches its way shorter
that's what put up for closing I see you
again also sometimes okay but we might
be that every Thalia 21 just leave us a
comment everyone make the post more
video tips so I will update anything I
want
alright see you again somethings bye bye